if you can
try and hit it at your mother's backhand
it's pretty weak
yes joan
i'm sorry okay
your mom and i we're going to separate
i've got you tuesday wednesday and every
other thursday
what about the cat cat we didn't discuss
the cat
i've got an elegant new house across the
park it's an elegant block the fillet of
the neighborhood
here's a desk for you to do your
homework dad
this is for a lefty i've come by to tell
you i'm not staying here anymore
why because you cheated on dad your
father told you under our noses like a
brothel men coming in and out
you sound like your father i've never
had an affair with a student though many
have come on to me that's why you might
not want to be attached to your age
when am i going to meet sophie she's not
gorgeous but she's cute
did you like sophie she's not the type i
go for lily is pretty
[Music]
all that work i did at the end of our
marriage making dinners cleaning up
being more attentive
it never was gonna make a difference you
never made it dinner i mean burger's the
time you had pneumonia
[Applause]
burgers
[Music]
you